# portfolio
  For my corpus I chose to analyze the discography of René Pawlowitz. Pawlowitz is a German techno producer who goes by at least twelve different pseudonyms. He is best known for his works as “Shed”. However, he also has gained popularity through his work under the pseudonyms “WK7” and “Head High”.  
  This corpus consists of tracks made by René Pawlowitz under his pseudonyms as Craft, EQD, Evil Fred, Head High, Hoover1, Operation Amplified, PCK, Rhythm-Spd, Seelow, Shed, Sigg Gonzalez, Stable Mates, STP, The Higher, War Easy Made, Wax, WK7.  
  The usage of different aliases is a frequent occurrence in the world of electronic music. It is interesting to see how one person can produce music through different pseudonyms and how much difference there can be in the sound or sub-genre. For example, music by Shed is influenced by Detroit techno and jungle, reaching to dubstep and dub techno. Pawlowitz’s music under this alias is atmospheric and full of mystery. The example of this would be his track “Traveler”  (https://open.spotify.com/track/3P5e77I40H0fzHFjJ9q7xJ?si=6320b1cd005c47a1). However, his work under the pseudonym WK7 merges techno with house and creates uplifting, repetitive beats. For example, “Rythm 2” (https://open.spotify.com/track/6xCVt9b5AEq0Caf1HN2J1S?si=d2787b7f08aa4447). The tracks are completely different from each other even though they are produced by the same person.  
  Pawlowitz’s discography will be analyzed through the playlist on spotify, created by Brian Stapleton - “The complete René Pawlowitz” (https://open.spotify.com/playlist/4WYVZW3iHRMq3bqPJMg601?si=c8db06b534c34125). This playlist contains 266 songs produced by René Pawlowitz under every pseudonym. It is important to keep in mind even though this playlist claims to be of his full discography, it could be missing several tracks that were either overlooked by the creator or are unavailable on spotify. 
